README.md, before:

# Test Coverage for Stalk Web

This directory contains tests for the Stalk Web application. The tests are written using Vitest and Vue Test Utils.

## Test Structure

The tests are organized by component:

- `src/__tests__/App.spec.ts`: Tests for the main App component
- `src/components/__tests__/MapComponent.spec.ts`: Tests for the MapComponent
- `src/views/__tests__/HomeView.spec.ts`: Tests for the HomeView component

## Running Tests

To run the tests, use the following command:

```bash
npm run test:unit
```

## Test Coverage

To run the tests with coverage, use the following command:

```bash
npm run test:coverage
```

This will generate a coverage report in the `coverage` directory.

## Adding New Tests

When adding new components to the application, follow these patterns to create corresponding test files:

1. Create a `__tests__` directory in the same directory as the component
2. Create a test file with the same name as the component, but with `.spec.ts` extension
3. Use the existing tests as a template for writing new tests

## Mocking Dependencies

For components that depend on external libraries (like Leaflet in MapComponent), use Vitest's mocking capabilities to mock the dependencies. See `MapComponent.spec.ts` for an example.

Commit message:

ci: configure GitHub Actions and Dependabot
Add CI workflow to run tests and report coverage using GitHub Actions.
Configure Dependabot for weekly dependency updates, grouping minor and patch updates.
Update Vitest config to include test coverage reporting on failure.
Update README with CI/CD and Dependabot details.

README.md, after:

# Stalk Web

This repository contains the Stalk Web application. The application is built using Vue.js and TypeScript.

## CI/CD

This project uses GitHub Actions for continuous integration and Dependabot for dependency management.

### GitHub Actions

Two workflows are configured:

1. **CI**: Runs on pushes to main and pull requests. It runs tests and uploads coverage reports to Codecov.

### Dependabot

Dependabot is configured to:

- Check for npm dependency updates weekly
- Group minor and patch updates for production dependencies
- Group minor and patch updates for development dependencies
- Keep major updates separate (as they might contain breaking changes)

## Tests

This directory contains tests for the Stalk Web application. The tests are written using Vitest and Vue Test Utils.

## Test Structure

The tests are organized by component:

- `src/__tests__/App.spec.ts`: Tests for the main App component
- `src/components/__tests__/MapComponent.spec.ts`: Tests for the MapComponent
- `src/views/__tests__/HomeView.spec.ts`: Tests for the HomeView component

## Running Tests

To run the tests, use the following command:

```bash
npm run test:unit
```

## Test Coverage

To run the tests with coverage, use the following command:

```bash
npm run test:coverage
```

This will generate a coverage report in the `coverage` directory.

## Adding New Tests

When adding new components to the application, follow these patterns to create corresponding test files:

1. Create a `__tests__` directory in the same directory as the component
2. Create a test file with the same name as the component, but with `.spec.ts` extension
3. Use the existing tests as a template for writing new tests

## Mocking Dependencies

For components that depend on external libraries (like Leaflet in MapComponent), use Vitest's mocking capabilities to mock the dependencies. See `MapComponent.spec.ts` for an example.
